# Warren is not my candidate
Warren did something awful and I don't think Democrats fully appreciate how bad it was. Men are silenced in gender debates in the US. But that's not the same thing as being disempowered. If you say and do things that breed male resentment, they can vote against you, and if you recall Democrats don't do very well with men. There could be a reason. I of course am not one of the men who vote Republican. But I do have to swallow my pride, if I'm going to support Warren, because I know that inside, a place she usually hides, she's <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr8-Ln3FK64">happy</a> to make non-gender issues about men, and throw in a bit of emasculation for good measure.

People can legitimately feel marriage is between a man and a woman, without depriving anyone of the ability to get married. That was the correct answer for a future president. Her job, as president, would be to safeguard <i>everyone's</i> First Amendment rights, not just people who agree with her and other Democrats. 

The first time I saw a male couple holding hands in public was just five years ago. It was shocking. Not a bad thing -- having your boundaries expanded in a safe way is a good thing. But that was just five years ago. That's how fresh the idea of same-sex marriage is in the United States. So of course there are a lot of people who are uncomfortable with it. That's an obvious fact. And they're not wrong and they're not just men. Plenty of women feel that way too. I'd love to see some polling data. 

I don't like Warren. It has nothing to do with her being a woman. I have more women friends than men friends. She's creepy and weird. And if she is the Democratic nominee I'll vote for her and give the maximum, but I can't imagine I'll ever like her as a president. I've seen her petty and mean side. A very non-presidential side. I'll never forget it. 

I just wonder why we can't find someone who checks all the boxes. Is smart, ethical, projects confidence and strength, compassion, empathy, humor, honor, all the things the US deserves in a president. Warren is not that. 

