# Tweets from davewiner on 8/18/2020
Original tweets
* 
* I know some are in dismay because the Democrats are appealing to Republicans, but they are doing the right thing.
* If I could get all my friends to work together, we'd take over the world. My friends all have good hearts and big ideas.
* Now that we all wear masks, and in NY we do, I am acutely aware of how much I depend on lip reading to understand what people say.
* Blueberries in season. The best time of year. https://t.co/ZGubug7020

Links
* Bipartisan Senate report describes 2016 Trump campaign eager to accept help from foreign power. 
* PS: Joe Trippi gets it.  
* RT @jpalfrey: Michelle Obama Urged Everyone to Vote. Her Necklace Spelled It Out. 
* The most powerful speech last night.   

Replies
* Later we can re-divide on issues, but right now, we have to organize for one thing: America.
* We agree in the Constitution and government of laws.  Right now, in 2020, that's what matters most.
* It's so much more important what we agree on than what we disagree about.
* @calliekimball Also you might want to ask on FB. I have a bunch of school teacher friends there.
* @calliekimball Totally happy to help. I'm on Team Callie. ;-)
* @Gartenberg Reagan was wrong. If that's what you mean.
* @realDonaldTrump Get some help.

RTs
* RT @calliekimball: Can anyone working with kids recommend a brand of those masks with clear plastic so they can see your smile? Pls RT than…
* RT @davewiner: This is a subtle point, for people who "pity" Americans.   If you think that America can fall apart and you will go on as if…
* RT @danoliver: This is some Predator-level camo. (Amazing photo by Alan Murphy.) https://t.co/jZnSmoSYAW
* RT @davewiner: Michelle Obama was masterful.

