# Bloomberg would be good
It seems Sanders will rule MSNBC the way Trump rules Fox; if so -- I'm going to CNN, which I did last night. It was a good choice because I got to see the Bloomberg town hall, which was excellent. If he's not really a sweet smart guy,  then he's a great actor who plays one, and I don't think he's an actor. If you get a chance, watch it, if for no other reason just to observe how bad the debate format is about informing our choices.

He was a good mayor in NYC, I didn't imagine it. He actually got stuff done, where most NYC mayors tread water and are <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Lindsay#Mayoralty">quickly hated</a>. 

In all his recent public demos, the debates and the town hall, Bloomberg misses obvious opportunities most politicians wouldn't miss. When someone greets you with a smile, smile back and when their question is done, no matter how pointed, say "That's a really good question." Bloomberg doesn't. These are easy things to learn, and they go a long way toward being likable, trusted, and perceived as authentic. Yes, it matters that a leader know the niceties of meeting the public he leads.

In the final question of the debate they asked a softball question that he muffed. What's the biggest misperception about you? A good answer: "I'm a liberal, and yes I'm very rich, but I put my money behind <i>our</i> ideas. I am dedicated to doing good. It's a luxury I have because I'm so rich, but I am trying to help, and it's working."

On the other hand, in last night's town hall, he was open and vulnerable, explained himself, and I got the feeling over and over, this is my ideal of a president. I don't want someone who blows smoke and points fingers, I want someone who works at making things better, and protects us. He has done that both in his civic and private life, and he's made mistakes which have been pointed out. People should take a look. 

PS: I haven't been able to find a video of the full town hall. If you find it, please send it to me on <a href="https://twitter.com/davewiner/status/1233055642610479106">Twitter</a> or via email.

