# Tweets from davewiner on 6/6/2020
Original tweets
* Next question. I wonder how we're supposed to interpret the massive rally in Berlin today in protest on behalf of #blm. Are they rallying for us or for them? For their blacks, or American blacks? Or are they rallying for the US to return to sanity?
* Did any of the objectors to the Times' running Cotton's op-ed consider that exposure of his insidiousness earlier than later would have value, to the NYT readership, who have minds, and value freedom as much as any of their reporters (and btw some are probably black as well).
* When we take over the US, we will outlaw riot gear and weapons for police. Police who object can find other work.
* I’ve always thought the word “leftist” was silly and meaningless and made the people using it seem like idiots.   People like Hannity who are known idiots.  Anyway, I’ve decided to change it to “Left Tits.”  And Hannity is a “Right Tit.”  God gave us two tits.  Thank you.

Links
* To President Trump: You should resign now. 
* This is the problem with JavaScript. The value of having a standard language is simplicity for newbies. But it takes discipline to remove barriers for newbies, instead developers add them. Eventually (maybe now) the weight of the totality will force the whole thing to collapse. 
* The jobs report had a ‘misclassification error.’ 
* All across the nation, citizens of dipshit little towns no one has ever heard of or cares about prepare for an invasion that will never come, sadly. 
* RT @faketonyg: @davewiner 

Replies
* @donpark @jy I go swimming to fine-tune. Or bike riding.
* If we can't find the bad apples, we should just start firing  police randomly. Maybe at that point, they'll see the value in helping find, remove and prosecute the bad apples.
* We could probably get by with a lot fewer police too, something the police might not want to ignore. When they beat up citizens they are not only hurting the citizens, they're burning our money. We are literally paying them to do this.
* If you're unemployed, it says this. The economy doesn't need you. Literally, that is its message customized for the unemployed. The market doesn't consider Depression-level unemployment to be a problem for the companies it values.
* What about unemployment?   Not getting enough coverage is that the stock market is back to where it was before the pandemic.   How to interpret this? What message is it sending?  Get ready, because this is harsh. (See next tweet.)
* Next question after that. Assuming they are rallying for the US to return to sanity, how much of the protests in the US are for the same? Are people also fed up with the way the health care system functions, esp in time of a pandemic?
* @donpark Trump had a talk with Putin the other day and Putin told him to do it. Trump liked the idea because it would tweak Angela Merkel who turned him down for a summit meeting in the US. Putin transferred a few million into a Trump slush fund.
* @robpatrob It's the old impostor syndrome. You don't have to ask those in power for little gestures that help, not if you take the power yourself. ;-)
* @Natallini My feeling is that tits matter.
* @Natallini Rand Paul?  Chuck Grassley?  Susan Collins!

RTs
* RT @noahbarkin: Berlin Alexanderplatz #blacklivesmatter https://t.co/LqvHYoRZM2
* RT @davewiner: @donpark Trump had a talk with Putin the other day and Putin told him to do it. Trump liked the idea because it would tweak…
* RT @BillKristol: Thomas, from North Carolina: "I voted for Trump. I deeply regret [it]...This is a train wreck that goes on and on...I can'…
* RT @JoeTrippi: The 1st precinct I ever walked was for RFK the day before. A 12 year old inspired by him. My mom let me stay up to see his v…
* RT @AuschwitzMuseum: 6 June 1927 | Dutch Jewish girl Milly Lena Ter Berg was born in Assen.   In October 1942 she was deported to #Auschwit…
* RT @Reuters: Masters of a social-distancing lifestyle: How one couple has managed to survive together, alone, for decades. @Reuters reporte…
* RT @spara: I felt that I should share this, and maybe you should too. https://t.co/6Q2i1weCwE

