# RSS re-think, day 2
When I <a href="http://scripting.com/2020/01/19/145834.html?title=imRethinkingRssNow">speak</a> of RSS, I'm including the limits of reader apps. For many years I've been reluctant to do that. They mostly have conformed to rules set by the now-defunct Google Reader, and by norms set by previous readers, including my own. Unfortunately there's no way to change the behavior of readers. I've tried, in small ways, they just won't budge (or even listen). It's not just mishandling of untitled posts, posts can't be updated and there's more I don't want to go into now. The net-net is this -- even if I could influence what the reader apps do, they would still be the wrong way to read my blog! 

If you are just reading my blog through RSS, it would be really hard for you to understand this. Subscribe to the nightly email. Read it from top to bottom once a day, instead of in fragments published through the day. This is the way my blog was always meant to be read. I think I was a bit too willing to compromise, in hindsight. 

Some correspondents have said RSS isn't wrong, of course not. I love RSS. I played a big role in its creation. But it's 20-plus years later now, and the limits shouldn't be permanently insurmountable. A re-think is way past overdue. 

Keep using RSS. Bless you. I use it too. Look at my rivers. I check them many times a day. But my blog is fresh and new and works the way I like, and I get to change anything about it I want, and if you read my blog through RSS you aren't getting it. That really bothers me. 

No more limits imposed by others or history. That was the <a href="http://scripting.com/2017/05/05/iWantMyOldBlogBack.html">epiphany of 2017</a>, and it continues. 

