# Tweets from davewiner on 9/4/2020
Original tweets
* I'm sure almost everything I do would make Trump think I'm a sucker. To his question, I like to help others. That's what's in it for me.
* When Trump shuts down something from this point on, think (or say) --We'll Build It Back BetterStarting in January 2021.
* Listening to BBC on WNYC to the new White House pandemic advisor. What an idiot political asshole. This guy is a doctor??
* 1/3 This election should be a blowout. Americans are dying, the economy is a wreck, the country is careening and this time the casualties are at home. In a sane society, Trump would be in jail, Pence would be president and Biden would be preparing to take office in January.
* Oy the White House thinks they're running a campaign. They're supposed to be running a country.

Links
* You can now request an absentee ballot in New York State. I did.  
* This is the fast-talking abusive Atlas Idiot Asshole. 
* How Libraries Can Save the 2020 Election. 
* Trump: Americans Who Died in War Are ‘Losers’ and ‘Suckers’. 
* North Carolina kicks off mail voting as requests spike. 
* A Secret Diary Chronicled the ‘Satanic World’ That Was Dachau. 
* Coronavirus has killed more police officers this year than all other causes combined, data show. 
* A Tale of Two Stores. 
* Concise. 
* Why the election should be a blowout. ⬇︎ 
* CNN public editor: the only question in news is ‘will it rate.’ 
* Judge orders Trump company to court for New York subpoenas. 
* Anti-Trump Lincoln Project to unleash Facebook army to get out the vote. 
* A web browser with broken anchors is like a spreadsheet that can't recalc or a word processor that can't print. An email app that can't check your email.  
* Navalny poisoning: Trump silent as world leaders call for answers from Putin. 
* It’s not just Trump. All Republicans must go. 
* 30-35 percent of Big Ten Athletes with COVID-19 Developed Myocarditis. 
* Minivans at the Food Pantry: Meet America’s New Needy. 

Replies
* BTW, wouldn't it be interesting if Biden ran a series of ads:"On January 2021, we'll turn XXX service back on. Trump shut it down in 20xx."#builditbackbetterHe can make really specific promises. cc @SteveHanselman @carlick
* @jeffjarvis we'll build it back better starting in january.
* This is what the Asshole Atlas looks like. https://t.co/4IFzLrTgDq
* He's told the interviewer he's an idiot three times so far.
* He talks about priorities, nothing about mitigation.
* I don't know his name. But he's just like Bill Barr, only more combative. I see why Trump likes him.
* 3/3 Politics has moved online. So far it's been chaotic. But we could envision something that's orderly and productive and still preserve the energy. The idealistic vision of the early web wasn't entirely wrong, imho. :-)
* 2/3 There should be a permanent people's campaign, all day every day, every year, whether or not there's an election. Clearly waiting for the politicians and journalists to do this isn't working. And the current tech networks are mired, trying to serve everyone.
* @mayahovey True! 😳
* @berzerkeley Depends on the insult I guess.
* @davidjoachim Where do they live? And thanks a lot.

RTs
* RT @FailVibe: https://t.co/XAYO1bZ5vv
* RT @h0d3r: An ordinary day on Twitter, in any language! https://t.co/XQZQbYaQad
* RT @davewiner: 1/3 This election should be a blowout. Americans are dying, the economy is a wreck, the country is careening and this time t…
* RT @BernieSanders: It’s a national disgrace that families are being evicted from their homes and thrown on the street. We must not only sus…
* RT @davewiner: Something interesting is happening. I left Silicon Valley in 2003. Now that Silicon Valley is dispersing geographically, I s…
* RT @si_mlb: Every Mets player has dirt on their right knee as a tribute to Tom Seaver, who’s knee would hit the ground as a result of his d…

