# Tweets from davewiner on 9/7/2020
Original tweets
* The bad thing about all the open corruption in the Trump admin, is they aren't as old and crazy and Trump, and know if they leave office, without Trump or someone worse in office, they will go to jail. So they're going to fight like hell to keep him in office.
* Just had a thought. Has anyone tried using polling to find out where the Covid-19 hot spots are? The kind of polling that asks who people voted for? Like this.Have you or anyone close to you had Covid-19?
* What will you do if Trump is re-elected?
* A classic for our times, right up there with ‘But her emails.” https://t.co/ccwHeQEyDc
* I hope the NBA is working on a better version of the virtual fans. https://t.co/yNyFZg4jCD

Links
* Tips for avoiding a civil war. 
* COVID-19 'herd immunity' is another way to say 'let people die.' 
* This is why Fauci should leave the government and set up a daily public briefing, with experts. 
* People rave about "Borgen" a 3-season Danish series. I've never been able to find it streaming. Just stumbled across it on Netflix.  
* RT @markos: Woah 
* BTW, about the pandemic, everyone who thinks Trump has done badly up till now, it's about to get much worse. He's found his Bill Barr for managing the pandemic. His name is Scott Atlas.Suggest reading this article. 
* What Young, Healthy People Have to Fear From COVID-19. 
* The Trump Era Sucks and Needs to Be Over. 
* Trump Ended 2018 France Trip Having Art Loaded on Air Force One. 
* I Crossed Back Into a State of Denial. 
* We are all ‘losers’ in Trump’s America. 
* More Than Ever, Trump Casts Himself as the Defender of White America. 
* Lou Brock, Cardinals’ Hall of Fame speedster, dies at 81. 
* My boat sank in Lake Travis. Too much MAGA. 
* @jeffjarvis @JoeBiden For anyone making their own Biden/Harris lawn signs, here's an SVG file that's pretty good. It's a vector file, so it can be enlarged as much as you like.
* Trump Attacks Laurene Powell Jobs. 
* The Atlantic's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg says his story about Trump calling vets 'losers' is just the beginning. 
* What Ails America. 
* Trump’s bad marriage with the military has finally exploded. 
* Bill Gates hasn't always been the good guy. 
* FDA commissioner: Don't expect widely available coronavirus vaccine in 2020. 

Replies
* He can target death by cutting off funding strategically, and forcing people to do things that will expose them to the virus. They're already doing it, for example forcing schools to open. That translates into death and disease, as you know.
* Also if you accept the premise that they're hell-bent on building a fascist reich, and i do, the virus is a powerful ally that Hitler never had. Hitler had to wait to start exterminating his enemies until he had absolute power locked down. Trump doesn't have to.
* @calliekimball I know people like him who have aged as he has. They harden inside, become very fragile. They have to control their environment or they break. He's lost in there. Way too old and in a rut to find his way out.
* @karenauby how could i possibly know
* If Trump is re-elected, American troops should come home.
* @KevinCTofel 🇲🇽
* @KevinCTofel Save me a spot, compadre.
* @BrennanCenter @propublica @WNYC @CNN As long as you just listen to journalists you'll never hear the truth about the mistakes made and damage caused by journalism in 2016.
* @Lucan_Mor @jeffjarvis @pottsmark @JoeBiden They used to, and in some places they still do.
* @Mistsandgrass @jeffjarvis @JoeBiden Do you have a link to the lawn sign you bought on Amazon? That would make it real simple for me. Help appreciated.
* @neal_katyal DeStroy DeJoy.
* @chr1sa I threw mine out in 2003.
* Basically Trump's plan for the virus -- everyone for themselves. No coordination, planning, advice, nada. Try not to get sick, and btw, open the schools. Now I'm going to watch TV and tweet nasty bits.

RTs
* RT @calliekimball: What if we all spoke to him as we would to anyone we know who's clearly unhappy, unhealthy, and failing at their job? ht…
* RT @davewiner: A classic for our times, right up there with ‘But her emails.” https://t.co/ccwHeQEyDc
* RT @arikia: Can we get a CGI reenactment? https://t.co/13WNMrGvog
* RT @thehistoryguy: Freddie Oversteegen died today in 2018. As a girl she used to seduce SS men in Holland, take them into the woods and sho…
* RT @retrosimba: In his autobiography, Lou Brock, recalling how he asked a young man he thought was a clubhouse aide for a Coke before the 1…
* RT @jpalfrey: Trump, under fire for alleged comments about veterans, has a long history of disparaging military service https://t.co/xB7Zjo…
* RT @adolfoplasencia: @davewiner @davewiner please, ;-) take a look at my article about this: "The booming business of mass producing scient…
* RT @jeffjarvis: Not smart: Biden's lawn signs cost $25; Trump's $10. This is how Democrats lost the war of the lawns last time. Signs &amp; swa…
* RT @davewiner: Basically Trump's plan for the virus -- everyone for themselves. No coordination, planning, advice, nada. Try not to get sic…
* RT @davewiner: @jayrosen_nyu You have to keep beating the drum. Not much thinking going on, just reacting.

