# The virus makes us smarter
Trump isn't running against Biden.

He's running against the virus.

Biden is running against the virus too.

The campaign covers a full spectrum of sins in the way the US has gotten here. 

The Dems are almost as responsible than the Repubs, btw.

The virus's job is to make us smarter. Here's how it will do that.
* Our health care system for individuals is ineffective. With the money we're spending now, we could reform the system to be single payer, covering everyone. If it wasn't clear before, it should be now, that we all have a lot at stake in the health of each American.
* We need a <i>public</i> health system, with an agency as independent as the Fed is with managing the money flow and increasingly the economy. It should be possible for the head of the CDC to order a national lockdown, the same way the Fed can raise or lower interest rates, to fight inflation or stimulate the economy, respectively. The current president, only seeking re-election, illustrates how the political system will under certain circumstances accept or even promote the deaths of massive numbers of Americans if it's seen as in the political interest of the president.
* With the climate crisis looming, and increasing automation, and the danger of "essential jobs" it's time to make a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guaranteed_minimum_income#:~:text=Basic%20income%20means%20the%20provision,one%20or%20more%20means%20tests.">minimum income</a> a reality. 
* We need a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marshall_Plan">Marshall Plan</a> for the United States, to bring African-Americans to the same economic level as whites. We saw the necessity to rebuild Europe after World War II, it's time to take the same approach to our own country. 

