# Tweets from davewiner on 5/14/2020
Original tweets
* It seems fair if a news org can keep us from reading their articles that we should be able to tell Twitter or Facebook not to show us their links.
* Poll shows 80% support wearing masks. That includes a large part of Trump's base. Catastrophes like this unify us. https://t.co/6bhpzfWxKT
* Someone should be working on a virtual political rally where people in the audience can make noise, clap, laugh, chant etc. I think the net is up to it.
* Are you still trying to get ahead with your pre-Covid career?

Links
* When Manhattan Was Mannahatta: A Stroll Through the Centuries. 
* Black delivery driver blocked into Oklahoma neighborhood by HOA president. 
* RT @davewiner: Real men wear masks to protect others.  
* The coronavirus pandemic broke America. 
* Creating a Body-Inclusive Cycling Community. 
* Real men wear masks to protect others.  
* Latest Garbage-Collection Data Shows a Big Drop for the Upper West Side — But Not as Much as the Upper East Side. 
* The 2016 nightmare is already repeating itself. 
* Alexa: Is Rand Paul a medical doctor? 
* He's 100 years old, born in 1919. Great interview. "You want someone like Churchill, really solid." 
* Full poll. 
* A class war over social distancing? New data suggests otherwise. 
* Contagion is on HBO. The first half is a pretty good dramatization of Covid, then it goes off the rails.   I do not like the blogger, btw, or Elliot Gould.  
* Contrary to what may seem obvious, the stupid virus might be saving humanity.  
* Tech Workers Consider Escaping Silicon Valley’s Sky-High Rents. 
* FBI serves warrant on Richard Burr in stocks sell-off probe. 
* RT @tomwatson: Corona, on tap. 
* Inside Trump’s coronavirus meltdown. 
* 21 Plants That Repel Ticks: Fresh Smells We Love &amp; Ticks Hate. 
* As Hunger Spreads With Coronavirus Pandemic, Government Takes Timid Steps. 
* Who needs to wait for a vaccine. 
* Parenting During the Coronavirus: ‘I Have Given Up’. 
* RT @davewiner: Kingston barber tests positive for COVID-19 after cutting hair in violation of NY order. 

Replies
* @ThatEricAlper hey nineteen by steely dan
* New motto: "Nothing focuses the mind like imminent doom."
* @mhaeberli @TheScottLove I love this map. In 1977 I was in Madison, learning email, C, Unix, screen editors, starting to write my first outliner, not knowing that it was an outliner. :-)
* @MavenofHonor I had a long talk with Whoopi Goldberg outside a tech conference about 20 years ago in Phoenix or Tucson. I was a smoker back then. She was riding in her bus cross-country, didn't like to fly.
* @msbellows Then no is the correct answer. I don’t like the rest of what you said, pretty condescending.
* Move to Wyoming, Idaho, the Dakotas, turn red states blue, save the country.
* @jackhodgson Suggestion — say “I’m smiling.” That will make your eyes smile. 👀😇
* @tomwatson As would comedy.
* @MavenofHonor Does having sex with celebrities count? Asking for a friend. 🤩

RTs
* RT @Kasparov63: Are you kidding? BECAUSE THEY ARE LYING, as they do about everything. Stop having medical experts write about Russian coron…
* RT @mosseri: Ever miss a good Instagram Live and wish it was available later? Now anyone can save their Live videos to IGTV so they stick a…
* RT @jeffjarvis: Terribly hard message to have to deliver but @zseward did it, I think, in as upright a way as possible. https://t.co/Tn8G9V…
* RT @Anthony: One feature I think @SlackHQ should steal from @MicrosoftTeams is having a built-in Wiki. There's no great place for static or…
* RT @CJR: Last fall, the @MotherJones team put out a magazine in the midst of an electricity shutdown. The @SFChronicle once held a work-fro…
* RT @davewiner: It seems fair if a news org can keep us from reading their articles that we should be able to tell Twitter or Facebook not t…
* RT @davewiner: Someone should be working on a virtual political rally where people in the audience can make noise, clap, laugh, chant etc.…
* RT @mhaeberli: @TheScottLove @markoff @stewartbrand @vgcerf @ComputerHistory @hiltzikm @davewiner For a little later, March 1977, this map…
* RT @TMannWSJ: The Acela will ride again on June 1. That doesn’t mean there has been a flood of ticket sales. Amtrak officials acknowledge o…
* RT @rmack: “These amendments would pretty much guarantee the ability of an incumbent administration to spy on its political opponents witho…
* RT @alan_arnette: Some people make massive sacrifices to climb Everest. When things don't go their way, they become demanding as our fictio…
* RT @davewiner: This makes sense, it's almost as good as a vaccine.   We just have to convince the idiots in our midst that there's nothing…
* RT @MavenofHonor: Now, more than ever, we should share our most mundane celebrity encounters. For example, in 2002 I saw Diane Keaton in th…
* RT @AshleyApple17: @davewiner @joncoopertweets This is why this thing is never going to end, folks. A virus that spreads with the help of i…
* RT @TheScottLove: I would love to see an overlay showing who among our greatest technology pioneers was working where at the time. Where th…

