# Shake yourself up
Here's something.

I think a lot of people are trying to get past Covid and Trump without making radical changes to their lives.

This is a mistake. 

A friend asked what could he do to combat fascism. This is it. Do something to radically shake up your life, by choice.

Each of us are trying to reboot as if taking a box, without changing its shape, and moving it across the world. 

It's <i>all</i> going to change. If we emerge from these days, the world will be very different. We have to be different too. We have to be prepared for it.

At some point you have to ask was the shape really the right shape, and what would I give up by changing. 

Radical change. Quit your job. Give your car away. Jump out of a plane. Get a sex change. Destroy your business model. Say something unthinkable. Whatever it takes.

I'm reminded of a <a href="http://scripting.com/stories/2009/10/21/bruceSterlingAtReboot.html">talk</a> by Bruce Sterling that I keep coming back to. When something radical changes in your life, that's a good time to make other big changes. Death of a parent or spouse. Stock market crash. Major illness. Divorce. A time when you start over. When you have to start over. No choice. 

Now, we <i>all</i> have been through that. We've had a major change not just on an individual basis, but on a <i>global</i> scale. Global. Everyone changed. So we can do it. We can change our lives radically. Trump demands it. Covid demands it. The climate crisis demands it.

Your sense of what's normal is worth $0.24. You might find that much money on a sidewalk. I know this because I buried both my parents, and I know how much they thought their opinion mattered, and I know the truth. In the end, what they thought was worth about $0.24, approx.

So fuck it. Destroy your business model. Start over. 

Once you've made such a change, you'll find you want to make others.

