# Exponential growth for newbies
I wonder how many people understand the difference between linear and exponential growth. Let me try to explain. It might help to read it two or three times if it's confusing. It's important to understand imho.

<b>Linear</b>
* Linear means if 12 people graduated in 2010 and 15 people in 2011 then 18 people will in 2012.
* The rate of growth is 3 people per year. 3 more people graduate every year. 

<b>Exponential</b>
* Exponential means the rate of growth itself is growing. 
* In the same example, if 12 people graduated in 2010 and 15 in 2011 and 19 in 2012 what would the number be in 2013? 

The rate of growth of the rate of growth in the first case was 0, in the second it's 1. 

With Covid, people are studying this, but I haven't been able to find anyone with an opinion of what it is. 

With Covid we don't yet know what the rate of growth of the rate of growth is, but we know it's <i>not zero. That's what it means for it to be exponential.</i>

The graphs you see in the news hide the rate of growth of the rate of growth, because the lines on the left side of every graph I've seen represent more and more people as you go up. 

I think they do it out of habit not malice. Math people understand how to read those graphs. But most other people probably won't. No shame for anyone, but now you need to understand this. 

PS: When I wrote this I thought that the rate of growth of the rate of growth was going up, but it's not. It's actually going down in the US. Good job Americans!

