# What is Digital Ocean?
At a dinner last night with local friends, a question came up -- What is Digital Ocean? People read my nightly email, and I <a href="https://duckduckgo.com/?q=site%3Ascripting.com+%22digital+ocean%22&t=hz&ia=web">mention them</a> in my posts. I realllly like that people read my blog even if they don't know what everything means. This is one of the big <a href="https://duckduckgo.com/?q=site%3Ascripting.com+%22ignore+what+you+don%27t+understand%22&t=hz&ia=web">principles</a> of the net -- ignore what you don't understand. But read it anyway, over time the unfamiliar ideas manage to sink in. I was tired and too much under the influence of <a href="http://scripting.com/2019/11/29/214440.html">White Russians</a> last night to attempt the answer. I'll try now. 

Think of Digital Ocean as a giant warehouse of personal computers. You can rent one of the computers for about $20 a month, and put software on the computer, even stuff that I write myself. This is a big deal because the ability to run software "in the cloud" used to be something only employees of big companies could do. Now anyone can. 

Unlike my house in the woods their computers are less likely to lose power or their net connection. Also their warehouse is in a place where your computers, and your phone, can access it. I don't want thousands of people connecting to the computers in my house. It's a security thing. 

So I pay them money and they run the server for me. 

Over the years, as you might imagine, the cost goes down and the power goes up. A lot. They have competition, so that helps keep the price down and performance up. I like Digital Ocean because their software and docs are good, and I just like the company. They are by far <i>not</i> the biggest company in this space, all the major tech companies compete, Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Salesforce, IBM. 

