# Tweets from davewiner on 7/6/2020
Original tweets
* RSS makes a la carte software possible.  Substack is like prix fixe software.  You must to use their editor to publish a newsletter.  No substitutions.   But what if you already have an editor you like?  No soup for you! :-)
* This should be the default. https://t.co/0Qyg2jP9Vc

Links
* Now more than ever we need Checkbox News.     I want to uncheck Trump and see what's left of the news.
* "You know how you can see your breath when it's cold out? Yeah, that's why you should wear a mask." 
* #savemylife info here... 
* Just like cholesterol, there are good trolls and bad trolls.  @therickwilson is a good troll. 🇺🇸 
* I love noodles and peanuts so..   
* My friend Paolo, blogger, has moved from London to Italy, where he reports on the Covid scene in the air and in Italy.  
* 2016: Why does Google hate the web? 
* Short-term rentals have surged in NYC to accommodate uncertainty. 
* Spain's coronavirus antibodies study adds evidence against herd immunity. 
* A likely culprit in Covid-19 surges: People hell-bent on ignoring social distancing orders. 
* Face shields and face masks now mandatory on Qatar Airways. 
* America colonisation cooled Earth's climate. 
* RT @nakedjen: We need to talk more about how #Covid19 actually spreads among us.  #savemylife   

Replies
* @nakedjen I get that from the smell of the forest and an early morning swim.
* @xecretcode Laughing? Really?

RTs
* RT @AllenCrider: @atrupar You know how you can see your breath when it's cold out? Yeah, that's why you should wear a mask. Those are respi…
* RT @TheRickWilson: No one should tweet this picture into @realDonaldTrump's timeline as a response to his @BubbaWallace tweet...that would…
* RT @boutotcom: "I used to be fairly libertarian. And I used to love Google.  But now when it comes to Google, let's get them under control.…
* RT @davewiner: A member of the "Not see" Party. https://t.co/VuKgYaFgBL
* RT @nakedjen: There's nothing like the smell of hope in the morning coming off a good cup of coffee. xo https://t.co/f9BMGLGYfr
* RT @jackhodgson: President Trump should not be allowed to hold one of his rallies in Portsmouth NH next weekend. It is a clear violation of…
* RT @davewiner: Are you still trying to get ahead?
* RT @davewiner: Okay so now we know what Trump is going to do to steal the election. What are we going to do when it happens?
* RT @ProjectLincoln: Trump knew Putin was hunting our soldiers. He did nothing to stop it. He hasn’t condemned it.   And @GOP Senators have…
* RT @keithboykin: Texas Doctor: I got 10 calls yesterday for young people who will die if they don’t get ICU support, but I only have three…

