# Tweets from davewiner on 9/28/2020
Original tweets
* You know there are people you don't like and people you actually despise. But if they have a good idea, the right thing to do is suck it up and say so.
* It drives me crazy that the press makes everything about Dems and Repubs. Yes the Dems will be disappointed if the country disintegrates into civil war and becomes a zombie zone full of covid, but don't you get that other people will be unhappy too?
* Two things.1. I can't believe this guy is still alive.2. I remember what his last name means. ;-) https://t.co/irgQb9vBrk
* I suggested a few years ago that one of the networks move one of their evening shows to Michigan or Ohio, just to shift the perspective a bit. It would work. Probably one of the most revolutionary things they could do, and it's so easy.
* Google free feedback, this is insulting, distracting, and usually wrong. https://t.co/SbSm8j90Kz
* 1/3 There's some good news about Covid-19 that you don't see in the news -- eventually it will become less deadly. Most viruses in that family do, the virus mutates, and a strain that kills fewer victims comes to dominate, and that process repeats.
* The Trump's Taxes story is not a horse race story. The question it raises -- with a president so deeply in debt, how can he concentrate on doing his job, and when making a decision how can he focus on the needs of the country over his own needs?
* Debate question for Trump: Why do you want to be president?
* About this time Russia should release something like the Access Hollywood tape to get Trump’s Big Con Job to quiet down.
* Did you pay more taxes than Trump?
* On @joinClubhouse people talk like they're in therapy, and they're the therapist.
* I just gave $25 to @harrisonjaime because Lindsey Graham is a kook. I don't trust him.

Links
* Doctors Tell Me I Have COVID. Why Won't the Tests? 
* I Lived Through Collapse. America Is Already There.  
* I want to pay for news, but no more subscriptions or paywalls. 
* RT @dangillmor: 1/x The @nytimes' Trump tax-returns coverage is magnificent.  Now the Times needs help from the re…
* The US Army wants to modify SpaceX’s Starlink satellites for unjammable navigation. 
* Loser. 
* RT @interstar: Good advice from @davewiner #scriptingnews 
* Scientists sequence the 92-year-old mold that produced the first antibiotic, penicillin. 
* Brad Parscale Hospitalized After 911 Call. 
* RT @davewiner: I wrote this yesterday and believe it even more tonight. 
* I wrote this yesterday and believe it even more tonight. 
* An Editor’s Note on the Trump Tax Investigation. 
* Trump’s Taxes: 18 Revelations from a Trove of Records. 
* Trump’s Taxes Show Chronic Losses and Years of Income Tax Avoidance.  Stories&amp;pgtype=Homepage
* Surviving a Hit-and-Run Bike Crash in a City Choked by Cars. 
* Telepath is a buzzy new social network trying to fix what’s broken on Twitter. 
* A short history of the political violence that helped Mussolini attain power. 
* Ruth Bader Ginsburg on SNL. 

Replies
* BTW, I think @Maddow may come from the Berkshires now. This isn't something they talk about.
* @TwoRidersComing I read.
* @travelfish Total ripoff. But that's what it costs, because they're playing the same game news is.
* 3/3 It still pops up, to this day, but it's nowhere near the problem it was in 1918. That will probably happen with Covid-19 too
* 2/3 The virus spreads out to find new victims and over time it weakens. The 1918 pandemic ended after two years, with no vaccine, but the virus didn't go away, it became seasonal.
* @bloatedlesbian @joinClubhouse It's the same old bullshit. Everyone walking around on tiptoes so as not to offend anyone.
* @KenSmith Now on this thread -- I heard a report on NPR that governor Gavin Newsom of Calif had set plastic recycling goals, just like the oil industry wants. I thought oh he's in on it too.
* @KenSmith @NPR I wasn't sure who he was while he was talking. I thought maybe he was a judge or law school professor, and I thought wow how corrupt. Which made me wonder why they didn't interview a judge or law school professor.
* @KenSmith @NPR I heard that bit. I actually thought she did pretty well. He was full of shit. Anyone could tell. Why not just let him go on.
* @bloatedlesbian @joinClubhouse that's the kind of shit everyone says on clubhouse. you'd fit right in. ;-)

RTs
* RT @davewiner: I assume Trump is deep in debt and scrambling to make  loan payments every month, and the people he owes money to aren't the…
* RT @davewiner: About this time Russia should release something like the Access Hollywood tape to get Trump’s Big Con Job to quiet down.
* RT @60Minutes: Desmond Meade says ex-convicts in Florida owe fines and costs of about $1,500. Most aren’t able to pay, and so they can’t vo…
* RT @davewiner: I don’t understand why people say this Supreme Court nomination is the end of everything. The Repubs now have a 5-3 advant…
* RT @kaitlancollins: NYT reports that “within the next four years, more than $300 million in loans — obligations for which he is personally…
* RT @nakedjen: @davewiner P.S. I pay more for Clyde's DOG FOOD than our President pays in taxes.  DOG FOOD.  For the dog. More $$ for dog fo…
* RT @davewiner: Did you pay more taxes than Trump?
* RT @Porter_Anderson: Media: "@realDonaldTrump paid $750 in federal income taxes the year he won the presidency. In his first year in the @W…
* RT @davidfrum: New talking point for Trump defenders: Trump's not a Russian asset - he's a financial moron!
* RT @efcone: @__BRH__ @davewiner I think that was one of the even cheaper and not great EV that have popped up in these early days. Fun read…
* RT @davewiner: I just gave $25 to @harrisonjaime because Lindsey Graham is a kook. I don't trust him.
* RT @tomfuerstner: One of the benefits of speaking German is the capability to read #ArnoSchmidt. His Zettelkasten mastery is so inspiring…

